the faces of Leticia And what was happening to
Queen Lucia why these faces let's see
Let's put ourselves in situation because
this photograph comes out precisely today on
the program Espejo Público they
announce it as if they already know Where
this bad face of Queen Leticia comes from
because Of course She gets out of the
official car greets Pedro Sánchez and at that
moment you start to see that she is not
comfortable Eh well they stand in front of the
doors of the cong that in the well
the anthem can be heard her daughter is on one side
her husband on the other and really here she already
begins to press her lips to look
tense her face because as Alino would say
impassive face eh she was really well
like upset she was not comfortable You could
see from afar that she had a very bad face
worse than the chickens of the prica
the queen no she was not comfortable and Well there are
those who spoke of concern there are
those who spoke of anger
many things are said but from my point of
view I consider that this photo is very
relevant because what is
confirmed with this is that the anger came
from home or from the car I don't know well it was not
carried out  then it came from
before and the face of King Felipe, which is rarely
talked about the face of King
Felipe, exactly the same during the journey,
eh, then he changes completely, he
appears
completely happy and well, he looked
nervous because obviously his daughter is going to
swear the constitution, but he
really didn't look like he had the
same face as Queen Letizia, which was
a poem. Let's see, I had such a
special and beautiful day and such. I get
nervous because in the end, imagine, you
get nervous, eh, being a
normal citizen, on your wedding day, on the day of a
christening, on a day that's not familiar,
imagine an event like that, no matter how much
you're used to being the king, I
understand that nerves are nerves,
but it's true that they act
too seriously, their faces look
too dislocated. No, here's
another moment in a photo that you
sent me where there's also a face like that, a bit of a
circumstance of the king, but of course it
could also be H, it depends on the
moments of the day, not specific moments,
because for example, you can also see him in
the scene with the
champagne, look, I have it  over here I
put it without sound while we talk
in the champagne scene yes the queen
lets out a little smile which is what I am going
to point out because attentive eh the attitude
changes completely I mean she is in the
car she is captured fatal Later she is
captured getting out of the car and
greeting Pedro Sánchez and the face
is not of very good friends in the congress
that I do not know if seeing
Francina Armengol's dress of the president of the
Congress of Deputies that very
striking blue I imagine that it did not suit her either
because Well really it is a
protocol error I do not care how
someone is dressed but for the royal house
what has happened is an
insurmountable protocol error they were
sharing How why it happens or
rather how it is
avoided should have been warned in this
case eh Francina Armengol What is the
royal house attire and based on the
royal house attire I choose another
color I mean it's like if you being a
guest of a wedding and she puts you in
the same dress as the godmother of the
wedding of course totally it is an
important panorama I sincerely do not
believe that the reason for the face of  chard, that's
really the reason for having a
bad face, that would seem even worse to me,
so I'm telling you, let's see, Pilar Eire,
for example, said her wedding day,
her wedding day, Queen Letizia was
trying not to make it obvious, but she had a
fever, she had a
pretty high fever, she felt bad, uh, she felt
sick with
headaches and so on, but it was her wedding, it was
her wedding day and she had to go through it,
even though she wasn't enjoying the day, not
like we're seeing her here, no,
then everything could be, maybe too. Hey, she might
not feel well and she
's trying to spend the day as best she
can. Pilar was pointing to
menopause, and really there are hypotheses for
all tastes, you might feel bad
but not angry, the face I see on her
is one of anger, of not being comfortable,
well, of not being enjoying the day,
that's what I see. Yes, this moment is
s highlighted, this moment has been super
commented on, no, that. Here we see that whatever is
happening, the princess,
her own daughter knows it, it's
obvious because she realizes it and, well
I think that hug and he goes to
kiss her and what happens is that then he pulls
back Why does he pull back Is there a
reason why they can't kiss
at that moment protocol protocol no I
mean Look, she went to be the threat of a kiss
and in the end they don't give it to her Of course, of course and there's
a here when it continues a little further
forward the cli No, now here she
meets her father and her sister
and yes, it's true that I noticed how maybe it's
true everything is going well I don't know what I don't
know how much like true also like that
gesticulation at least but well to
be in general I give you my opinion
as a mere spectator without knowing anything about
television your eyes go to
Leticia And this is a
reality you are watching the swearing in of the
Constitution and you are seeing all the
scenes and your eyes go to her in fact it
caught me at home I was watching it
live and the moment when
the Spanish anthem is playing and she
stands next to King Felipe and she presses her
lips together and they bite their lips is it
being signed or  the first thing I thought
was what's wrong with her, I mean there's no need to
rewind the video and I'm not going
to put no I mean at first your
sight is gone Because you can see it can be seen with the naked eye
that something's not right what it
is probably we'll
never find out that's a reality well
the day about her wedding day it came out
years later that she
was sick on the wedding day and nobody knew about it Maybe
now in 20 years you'll find out No,
well that day Look at the face she was wearing
Because surely somewhere they'll
ask her because it's the topic or rather the
topic of the swearing in of the Constitution
is the faces of the queen what was happening to
the queen How unwell she really was
That's the shame the shame is that one day that
girl who was turning 18 who must have been
terribly nervous
facing you Well me at the moment when I
turned on the TV and saw all the
armies deployed Uh well all the
horses of the court following him along
the official route and you put yourself in
her place and the first thing that
comes to your mind  head is What does she think
of the display of means that there is
Only because eh she is going to swear the
Constitution and it is her birthday I mean it is
incredible and that at the end of all
this only the talk is that really the the
Queen Letizia bad face is a
shame really Yes besides that it is even that it
may be something that is silly
and that maybe they while they are
passing well she does not realize
we are aware but that maybe it is
silly Maybe she is simply
a mother eh it is a very important day the
daughter is going to have more responsibilities and
more load
eh also under the microscope because
one of the collaborators of the
Susana Griso program has made a
comment about it and Well really it is
that she is right She says Queen
Letizia is worried because as
of today her daughter
is as she said at the mercy of
Congress and and half of them want to
cut her head off yes it is a comment
Well a simile taking into account
that the representation right now
in Congress a large part of them do not
like the monarchy and this must be
said they do not like yone
Belarra has made  some very
unfortunate comments saying that she is going to
work so that Leonor never becomes
queen, it seems to me to be a
very strong, very serious comment against the
institution, it is the highest institution
right now eh in the country, well above,
well, even the president of the
government, so well, these types of
comments are very strong and they are not
supported in any way because we
like it or not, and well, this is not getting involved
in politics, this is reading the
Constitution. We are in a
democratic state and governed by the law and we are governed by a
parliamentary monarchy and it is the rule
of law that we have according to our
charter, so
H, I think that the three or four, I don't
know how many there have been, I think there have been
three eh that have been absent, well, they
should be given a red dot because
at least if I am absent from my job, I
have to or I have to make up for those days
or I have to report
why I'm not going, I'm not going because I don't
feel like it. No, if I tell my boss I'm not
going because I don't feel like it, he might
fire me tomorrow, so,
well, I don't know to what extent we are
putting up with certain things or or well,
normalizing  the things that seem worse to me